Add a longer description of the dummy container situation (#182)
ihmeuw/easylink: docs/source/user_guide/tutorials/getting_started.rst

``pipeline_schema_constants/development.py`` defines that the pipeline schema requires four steps, that the 
third step is ``EmbarrassinglyParallel``, that the fourth step is a ``ChoiceStep``, and that all steps have 
one input except the fourth step, which has two.
The edges in the ``EDGES`` variable in that file connect the steps, so an output from one becomes an input
to another.

.. todo::
   Include a diagram for the record linkage schema when available.

An implementation is chosen for each step, which defines a 
`Singularity container <https://docs.sylabs.io/guides/latest/user-guide/>`_, script,
outputs and other details for a step. The possible implementations for each of the steps in 
``pipeline_schema_constants/development.py`` are defined in ``implementation_metadata.yaml``. For each 
development schema step, one of these implementations is chosen and specified in the pipeline specification 
``specifications/common/pipeline.yaml``.

You can see in the ``implementation_metadata.yaml`` that the ``_python_pandas`` implementations we've selected

> for the four steps all use the same Singularity container (``image_path``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the four steps all use the same Singularity container, or ``image_path``.
```

> However, the implementations do need to behave a bit differently, because Step 4 has two inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the step implementations can't be the exact same, because Step 4 has two inputs.
```

The default behavior of the container is to accept a *single* input using the environment variable
``DUMMY_CONTAINER_MAIN_INPUT_FILE_PATHS``, which is the environment variable specified in the single
input slot defined in ``pipeline_schema_constants/development.py`` for Steps 1, 2, and 3.
If this default behavior weren't changed for Step 4, ``step_4_python_pandas`` would ignore the second
input it receives!
To correct this, ``step_4_python_pandas`` in ``implementation_metadata.yaml``
passes the value ``"DUMMY_CONTAINER_MAIN_INPUT_FILE_PATHS,DUMMY_CONTAINER_SECONDARY_INPUT_FILE_PATHS"`` 
to the ``env`` parameter ``INPUT_ENV_VARS``.
This changes the behavior of the container to read from both environment variables specified

> on Step 4's input slots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on Step 4's input slots, rather than only ``DUMMY_CONTAINER_MAIN_INPUT_FILE_PATHS``, which is the default value for ``INPUT_ENV_VARS``.
```

> (The default value for ``INPUT_ENV_VARS`` is ``DUMMY_CONTAINER_MAIN_INPUT_FILE_PATHS``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> which is what creates the default behavior when ``INPUT_ENV_VARS`` isn't set.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
